Add documentation for fallback behaviour (#474)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.4/concepts/scaling-deployments.md

---

```yaml
  fallback:                                          # Optional. Section to specify fallback options
    failureThreshold: 3                              # Mandatory if fallback section is included
    replicas: 6                                      # Mandatory if fallback section is included
```

The `fallback` section is optional. It defines a number of replicas to fallback to if a scaler is in an error state.

KEDA will keep track of the number of consecutive times each scaler has failed to get metrics from its source. Once that value passes the `failureThreshold`, instead of not propagating a metric to the HPA (the default error behaviour), the scaler will, instead, return a normalised metric using the formula:
```
target metric value * fallback replicas
```

> Due to the HPA metric being of type `AverageValue` (see below), this will have the effect of the HPA scaling the deployment to the expected number of replicas.

Reviewer: I think this is what you mean, right? Maybe better to make it a bit more explicit because you could also read it as the general replica number.
```suggestion
Due to the HPA metric being of type `AverageValue` (see below), this will have the effect of the HPA scaling the deployment to the defined number of fallback replicas.
```

> **N.B.** Fallback is only compatible with scalers that present their target as an `AverageValue` metric. For other scalers (CPU/Memory etc), KEDA will assume fallback is disabled.

Reviewer: We should list all the not supported scalers instead, end-users don't know which ones use `AverageValue` metric since that's managed under the hood.

Reviewer: I have added a suggestion below, let me know what you think.

Author: My worry with this change is twofold:
 - The etc covers custom use cases for the external scalers (which may or may not use `AverageValue`)
 - Explicitly adding unsupported (or indeed supported) scalers here, would be prone to becoming inaccurate over time; I imagine people PRing new scalers would forget to add to this list.

Thoughts?

Reviewer: It would also be more explicit to end-users, though...

What do you think @zroubalik ?

Reviewer 2: +1 for listing the scalers

Reviewer 2: List becoming inaccurate over time is a valid concern, but I'd still take the risk

> **N.B.** Fallback is only compatible with scalers that present their target as an `AverageValue` metric. For other scalers (CPU/Memory etc), KEDA will assume fallback is disabled.
> 
> **N.B.** Fallback is only compatible with `ScaledObjects`. It is **not** compatible with `ScaledJobs`.
> 
> **Example:** When my instance of prometheus is unavailable 3 consecutive times, KEDA will change the HPA metric such that the deployment will scale to 6 replicas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example:** When my instance of prometheus is unavailable 3 consecutive times, KEDA will change the HPA metric such that the deployment will scale to 6 replicas.

There are a few limitations for using a fallback:

- It is not supported for the CPU & memory scaler and will assume fallback is disabled.
- It is only supported for `ScaledObjects`, not with `ScaledJobs`

```
